User Guide How to get the most out of LiquidFiles

This is the User Guide for LiquidFiles. It will give basic guidelines how to use LiquidFiles, and also
      walk through the available settings to make sure you get the most from using it.

Sending Files Using the standard compose window
This is how the main compose window looks in LiquidFiles:

When sending files, these are the steps and options available:

Select recipients in the same way as a web based email system, please select To, CC and BCC email 
    addresses to your recipients.
Type the Subject and Message to your recipients.
Add Files, you can add files up to the max size displayed in the limitations section 10).
When you're ready, please hit Send. If uploads are taking a long time, you can check the checkbox to
    "send when uploads are done".
If you have sent any files previously, you can send them again without uploading them again.
Pool files are files that an administrator can make available for groups of users that they send repeatadly,
    like a large companywide presentation and similar.
Select Download Permission for your recipients. See the Forwarding Permissions
    section for a complete description.
When the message expires. After this day, the attached files will be deleted.
If set, each recipient can only download each file this number of times. If the download
    permission is set to "Anyone", each download by anyone is counted towards the limit.
  
Send a copy to your own email address (for storage in your sent folder).
A Private Message is a message where the Message is not included in the email sent to the recipients. When
    sending a Private Message:
    
The recipients will get a generic email telling them to click on the link to view the message.
You will get a read receipt when the recipient has viewed the message as well as when any
      attachments has been downloaded.
You can send a Private Message without any attachments.
It's not possible to send a Private Message with the permission that Anyone can download —
      in order to send a Private Message, authentication is required.


Limitations — Message Size, Quota and File Extension Limitations.

Back to top

Forwarding Permissions



